Make the description slightly clearer (#3839)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/in-app_messaging/in-app_message_delivery.md

## Delivery semantics

> All in-app messages that a user is eligible for are delivered to the user's device on session start. In the case of 2 in-app messages being triggered by 1 event the in-app message with the higher priority will be shown. For more information about the SDK's session start semantics, read about our [session lifecycle][45]. Upon delivery, the SDK will prefetch assets to be available immediately at trigger time, minimizing display latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All in-app messages that a user is eligible for are delivered to the user's device on session start. In the case of two in-app messages being triggered by one event the in-app message with the higher priority will be shown. For more information about the SDK's session start semantics, read about our [session lifecycle][45]. Upon delivery, the SDK will prefetch assets to be available immediately at trigger time, minimizing display latency.
```
